added Semantic Scholar Open Research Corpus (#1606)
huggingface/datasets: datasets/s2orc/README.md

Academic papers are an increasingly important textual domain for natural language processing (NLP) research. Aside from capturing valuable knowledge from humankind’s collective research efforts, academic papers exhibit many interesting characteristics – thousands of words organized into sections, objects such as tables, figures and equations, frequent inline references to these objects, footnotes, other papers, and more

### Source Data

#### Initial Data Collection and Normalization

To construct S2ORC, we must overcome challenges in (i) paper metadata aggregation, (ii) identifying open access publications, and (iii) clustering papers, in addition to identifying, extracting, and cleaning the full text and bibliometric annota- tions associated with each paper. The pipeline for creating S2ORC is:

1) Process PDFs and LATEX sources to derive metadata, clean full text, inline citations and references, and bibliography entries,
2) Select the best metadata and full text parses for each paper cluster,
3) Filter paper clusters with insufficient meta- data or content, and
4) Resolve bibliography links between paper clusters in the corpus.

#### Who are the source language producers?

> S2ORC is constructed using data from the Se- mantic Scholar literature corpus (Ammar et al., 2018). Papers in Semantic Scholar are derived from numerous sources: obtained directly from publishers, from resources such as MAG, from various archives such as arXiv or PubMed, or crawled from the open Internet. Semantic Scholar clusters these papers based on title similarity and DOI overlap, resulting in an initial set of approxi- mately 200M paper clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
S2ORC is constructed using data from the Semantic Scholar literature corpus (Ammar et al., 2018). Papers in Semantic Scholar are derived from numerous sources: obtained directly from publishers, from resources such as MAG, from various archives such as arXiv or PubMed, or crawled from the open Internet. Semantic Scholar clusters these papers based on title similarity and DOI overlap, resulting in an initial set of approximately 200M paper clusters.
```

### Annotations

#### Annotation process

[More Information Needed]

#### Who are the annotators?

[More Information Needed]

### Personal and Sensitive Information

[More Information Needed]

## Considerations for Using the Data

### Social Impact of Dataset

[More Information Needed]

### Discussion of Biases

[More Information Needed]

### Other Known Limitations

[More Information Needed]

## Additional Information

### Dataset Curators

List the people involved in collecting the dataset and their affiliation(s). If funding information is known, include it here.

### Licensing Information

Provide the license and link to the license webpage if available.

### Citation Information

Provide the [BibTex](http://www.bibtex.org/)-formatted reference for the dataset. For example:
```
@article{article_id,
  author    = {Author List},
  title     = {Dataset Paper Title},
  journal   = {Publication Venue},
  year      = {2525}
}
```

> If the dataset has a [DOI](https://www.doi.org/), please provide it here.

Reviewer: Can you provide the missing information here ? Or use `[More Infirmation Needed]`

---
annotations_creators:
- machine-generated
language_creators:
- crowdsourced
languages:
- en
licenses:
- cc-by-2.0
multilinguality:
- monolingual
size_categories:
- n>1M
source_datasets:
- original
task_categories:
- sequence-modeling
- text-classification
task_ids:
- language-modeling

> - multi-label-classification

Reviewer: Why multi-label-classification ?

Also I think we can add
```
- other-citation-recommendation
```

Author: After looking at `fieldsOfStudy` field I thought we can have multi-label classification for this. Yeah, we can add citation recommendation

Author: It should be `other-other-citation-recommendation` I guess

Reviewer: Yes you're right :)

* `doi`: a `str`-valued field for the [DOI](http://doi.org/).

Notably:

* Resolved citation links are represented by the cited paper's `paper_id`.
* The `paper_id` resolves to a Semantic Scholar paper page, which can be verified using the `s2_url` field.
* We don't always have a value for every identifier field.  When missing, they take `null` value.

#### Metadata fields

* `title`: a `str`-valued field for the paper title.  Every S2ORC paper *must* have one, though the source can be from publishers or parsed from PDFs.  We prioritize publisher-provided values over parsed values.

* `authors`: a `List[Dict]`-valued field for the paper authors.  Authors are listed in order.  Each dictionary has the keys `first`, `middle`, `last`, and `suffix` for the author name, which are all `str`-valued with exception of `middle`, which is a `List[str]`-valued field.  Every S2ORC paper *must* have at least one author.

* `venue` and `journal`: `str`-valued fields for the published venue/journal.  *Please note that there is not often agreement as to what constitutes a "venue" versus a "journal". Consolidating these fields is being considered for future releases.*

> * `year`: an `int`-valued field for the published year.  If a paper is preprinted in 2019 but published in 2020, we try to ensure the `venue/journal` and `year` fields agree & prefer non-preprint published info. *We know this decision prohibits certain types of analysis like comparing preprint & published versions of a paper.  We're looking into it for future releases.*

Reviewer: Maybe mention that missing years are replaced by -1 ?
